Allow to run current query in native query editor (#75850)
metabase/metabase: docs/questions/native-editor/writing-sql.md

You can run your SQL query by pressing **ctrl + enter** on Windows and Linux, or **⌘ + return** on a Mac. You can also run only part of a query by highlighting the part you'd like to run before clicking the run button or using the run shortcut key.

> If you're editing a large query and have multiple queries in the editor separated by semicolons, you don't need to highlight the same query over and over each time you make a change. Instead, just leave your cursor inside the query you want to rerun and hit the run shortcut. Metabase will figure out which query you mean based on the cursor position — and it's smart enough to ignore semicolons hiding inside strings, identifiers, and comments.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run your SQL query by pressing **ctrl + enter** on Windows and Linux, or **⌘ + return** on a Mac. If you have multiple queries separated by a semicolon, this shortcut will only run the query under the cursor.

You can also run only part of a query by highlighting the part you'd like to run before clicking the run button or using the run shortcut key.
```
